Revise docs for behavior change flags (#5389)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/01-upgrading-to-v1.8.md

### New dbt Core adapter installation procedure

> Before dbt Core v1.8, whenever you would `pip install` a data warehouse adapter for dbt, `pip` would automatically install `dbt-core` alongside it. The dbt adapter directly depended on components of `dbt-core`, and `dbt-core` depended on the adapter for execution. This bidirectional dependency made it difficult to develop adapters independently of `dbt-core`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before dbt Core v1.8, whenever you would `pip install` a data warehouse adapter for dbt, `pip` would automatically install `dbt-core` alongside it. The dbt adapter directly depended on components of `dbt-core`, and `dbt-core` depended on the adapter for execution. This bidirectional dependency made it difficult to develop adapters independent of `dbt-core`.
```

> Beginning in v1.8, [`dbt-core` and adapters are decoupled](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters/discussions/87). Going forward, your installations should explicitly include _both_ dbt-core and the desired adapter. A new `pip` installation ought to look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning in v1.8, [`dbt-core` and adapters are decoupled](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters/discussions/87). Going forward, your installations should explicitly include _both_ `dbt-core` _and_ the desired adapter. A new `pip` installation ought to look like this:
```

> Beginning in v1.8, [`dbt-core` and adapters are decoupled](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters/discussions/87). Going forward, your installations should explicitly include _both_ `dbt-core` _and_ the desired adapter. A new `pip` installation ought to look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning in v1.8, [`dbt-core` and adapters are decoupled](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters/discussions/87). Going forward, your installations should explicitly include _both_ `dbt-core` _and_ the desired adapter. The new `pip` installation command should look like this:
```

pip install dbt-core dbt-snowflake
```

> For the time being, we have maintained install-time dependencies to avoid breaking existing scripts in surprising ways; `pip install dbt-snowflake` will continue to install `dbt-core` implicitly. Given that we may remove this implicit dependency in future versions, we strongly encourage you to update install scripts **now**.

Reviewer 2: Would this install the latest version of core?

Author: Yes, good clarification — for the time being, `pip install dbt-snowflake` will continue to install the latest versions of both `dbt-snowflake` and `dbt-core`. In the future, it will no longer install `dbt-core`, so users should start installing it directly.

Reviewer 2: K I can add a clarification here

> For the time being, we have maintained install-time dependencies to avoid breaking existing scripts in surprising ways; `pip install dbt-snowflake` will continue to install `dbt-core` implicitly. Given that we may remove this implicit dependency in future versions, we strongly encourage you to update install scripts **now**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the time being, we have maintained install-time dependencies to avoid breaking existing scripts in surprising ways; `pip install dbt-snowflake` will continue to install the latest versions of both `dbt-core` and 1dbt-snowflake`. Given that we may remove this implicit dependency in future versions, we strongly encourage you to update install scripts **now**.
```

Reviewer: opened up a pr https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/5428 to address the 1dbt-snowflake typo.

```

#### The `--empty` flag

The [`run`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) and [`build`](/reference/commands/build#the---empty-flag) commands now support the `--empty` flag for building schema-only dry runs. The `--empty` flag limits the refs and sources to zero rows. dbt will still execute the model SQL against the target data warehouse but will avoid expensive reads of input data. This validates dependencies and ensures your models will build properly.

### Managing changes to legacy behaviors

dbt Core v1.8 has introduced a flags has been created for [managing changes to legacy behaviors](/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors). You may opt into recently introduced changes (disabled by default), or opt out of mature changes (enabled by default), by setting `True` / `False` values, respectively, for `flags` in `dbt_project.yml`.

> You can read more about each of these behavior changes in the links below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about each of these behavior changes in the following links:
```

> - (Mature, enabled by default) [Require explicit package overrides for builtin materializations](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors#require_explicit_package_overrides_for_builtin_materializations)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- (Mature, enabled by default) [Require explicit package overrides for builtin materializations](/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors#require_explicit_package_overrides_for_builtin_materializations)
```

> - (Mature, enabled by default) [Require explicit package overrides for builtin materializations](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors#require_explicit_package_overrides_for_builtin_materializations)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- (Mature, enabled by default) [Require explicit package overrides for builtin materializations](/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors#require_explicit_package_overrides_for_builtin_materializations)
```

- (Introduced, disabled by default) [Require resource names without spaces](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors#require_resource_names_without_spaces)

> - (Introduced, disabled by default) [Run project hooks (`on-run-*`) in the `dbt source freshness` command](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors#source_freshness_run_project_hooks)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- (Introduced, disabled by default) [Run project hooks (`on-run-*`) in the `dbt source freshness` command](/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors#source_freshness_run_project_hooks)
```

## Quick hits

> - Custom defaults of [global config flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs) should be set in the `flags` dictionary in [`dbt_project.yml`](/reference/dbt_project.yml), instead of in [`profiles.yml`](/docs/core/connect-data-platform/profiles.yml). Support for the latter has been deprecated.

Reviewer: i'm just adding profiles.yml so it's explicitly clear if that sok

```suggestion
- Custom defaults of [global config flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs) should be set in the `flags` dictionary in [`dbt_project.yml`](/reference/dbt_project.yml), instead of in [`profiles.yml`](/docs/core/connect-data-platform/profiles.yml). Support for `profiles.yml` has been deprecated.
```

Author: yes pls & ty !
